# Manifest for unicode-math

This file is automatically generated with `texlua build.lua manifest`.

## Source files

* um-code-sscript.dtx: Setup for active chars needed to process subscript/superscript input chars.
* um-code-main.dtx: Definition of `\setmainfont`.
* um-code-alphabets.dtx: Definitions for setting up the "math symbol alphabets".
* um-code-ui.dtx: The xparse user interface top-level definitions.
* um-code-pkgopt.dtx: Package options.
* um-code-msg.dtx: Definitions of error, warning, and log messages.
* um-code-api.dtx: The (underdeveloped) API to interface with the package internals.
* um-code-variables.dtx: Declaration of all code-level variables used in the package.
* um-code-mathtext.dtx: The "math text" commands such as `\mathbf` and co.
* um-code-base.dtx: Definition of unicode-math.sty, which splits and loads according to engine.
* um-code-fontparam.dtx: Interface for font parameters
* um-code-usv.dtx: Mapping of mathematical unicode slots for alphabets.
* um-code-fontopt.dtx: Keyval for `\setmathfont`
* um-code-setchar.dtx: General assignment of maths symbols.
* um-code-compat.dtx: Compatibility with 3rd party packages.
* um-code-mathmap.dtx: The "math symbol alphabets" such as `\symbf` and co.
* unicode-math-table.tex: Source file of the math symbols.
* um-code-primes.dtx: The definitions needed for the input of primes.
* unicode-math.ins: Docstrip installer.
* um-code-epilogue.dtx: Assorted definitions to close up.
* unicode-math.dtx: Metadata for the package code, including files and versioning
* um-code-opening.dtx: Assorted initialisation tasks, including some low-level function definitions.

## Typeset documentation source files

* unimath-symbols.ltx: Listing of Unicode mathematics symbols using a variety of fonts.
* unicode-math-code.ltx: Typeset code.
* unicode-math.ltx: User documentation.
* unimath-example.ltx: A minimal example file to demonstrate the package.

## Plain documentation files

* um-doc-style.tex
* LICENSE
* um-doc-nfsssummary.tex
* um-doc-stixextract.tex
* um-doc-legacyfontdimen.tex
* CHANGES.md
* um-doc-mathfontdimen.tex
* README.md

## Derived files

* unicode-math-xetex.sty
* unicode-math-luatex.sty
* unicode-math.sty

## Checking-specific support files

* umtest-preamble.tex

## Test files

* mathit-symit.luatex.tlg
* mathit-symit.lvt
* mathit-symit-var.xetex.tlg
* mathit-symit-var.lvt
* fontname-log.xetex.tlg
* aaa-loading.lvt
* mathit-symit-var.luatex.tlg
* aaa-loading.luatex.tlg
* mathit-symit.xetex.tlg
* fontname-log.luatex.tlg
* aaa-loading.xetex.tlg
* fontname-log.lvt
